
JavaTM API for XML Processing
README

Specification Version: 1.6
Reference Implementation (RI) Version: 1.6.0

The Java API for XML Processing (JAXP) enables applications to parse,
transform, validate and query XML documents using an API that is
independent of any particular XML processor implementation. JAXP
provides a pluggability layer to enable vendors to provide their own
implementations without introducing dependencies in application code.
Using this software, application and tool developers can build
fully-functional XML-enabled Java applications for e-commerce,
application integration, and web publishing.

The Java Platform, Standard Edition version 8 include JAXP 1.6. JAXP 1.6
is a maintenance release of JAXP 1.5 with support for the JDK 8 effort: 
JEP 162 - Prepare for Modularization. JAXP 1.6 FCS was released on
March 3, 2014 with a code base the same as that in JDK 8. JAXP 1.6.0, 
including changes/bug fixes as listed in the change log, is now in
Java SE 8.  For information about the current development activities,
please refer to the JAXP project on Java.net (http://jaxp.java.net/).

Release Notes:

    JAXP 1.6.0 Release Notes (docs/ReleaseNotes.html)

This bundle installs the following files and components:

    * jaxp-api.src.zip -- JAXP API source files.
    * jaxp-ri.src.zip -- JAXP RI source files.
    * jaxp-api.jar -- JAXP API jar file under the lib directory.
    * jaxp-ri.jar -- JAXP RI jar file under the lib directory.
    * Samples -- samples demonstrating some use cases of JAXP. 
      Please refer to samples/README for more details.

Licenses:

    * This software is licensed under Common Development and
      Distribution License.Refer to CDDLv1.1.txt.
    * Additional copyright notices and license terms applicable to
      portions of the software are set forth in the 3rd Party License
      README, as well as JSR173 License.


Feedback: 

    JAXP 1.6  will be the final standalone release.  All future revisions to the JAXP API 
    will be part of the Java SE specification, starting with Java SE 9.
    Future JAXP development will be done solely within the OpenJDK community. Please join 
    us in the OpenJDK community, use mailing aliases such as discuss for general discussion, 
    [release]-dev for release-specific and core-libs-dev for JAXP specific questions. 
    Report bugs at https://bugs.openjdk.java.net for the xml component.
